Docs m1 (#11578)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/installation.mdx

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="macos">

:::info

Rasa supports **x86_64 (Intel) and M1 / M2 (Apple Silicon)** architectures.
The support is for development purposes only and we strongly recommend 
production deployments to use Ubuntu / Linux on x86_64.

> Installations on Apple Silicon have some 
> [limitations listed further down](#m1--m2-apple-silicon-limitations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information about the limitations of rasa installations on Apple Silicon can be found
in this [section](#m1--m2-apple-silicon-limitations).
```

```bash
pip3 install rasa==3.0
```

## M1 / M2 (Apple Silicon) Limitations

> Rasa installations on Apple Silicon use Apple Metal leading to reduced training times

Reviewer: What is Apple Metal? This might need a clarification.

Author: its Apples ML / GPU acceleration, I'll add a link :+1:

```suggestion
Rasa installations on Apple Silicon use [Apple Metal](https://developer.apple.com/metal/) leading to reduced training times
```

> Rasa installations on Apple Silicon use [Apple Metal](https://developer.apple.com/metal/) leading to reduced training times

Reviewer 2: We should make metal optional, and change this

Author: do you mind doing the change directly on this branch?

for local development.

Currently, not all of Rasa's dependencies support Apple Silicon natively. This leads

> to the follow restrictions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the follow restrictions:
```

> * Duckling can currently not be run as a docker container on Apple Silicon. If you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can not run Duckling as a docker container on Apple Silicon. If you want
```

  to use the [duckling entity extractor](components.mdx#ducklingentityextractor) we recommend a cloud deployment of 
  duckling. Progress on this can be tracked on the 
  [Duckling project](https://github.com/facebook/duckling/issues/695).

> * Rasa can not be run in a Docker container on Apple Silicon, only native installations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You cannot run Rasa in a Docker container on Apple Silicon, only native installations
```

  currently work. An installation in docker requires support for Ubuntu aarch64
  which the current tensorflow version 2.8 does not provide - only MacOS is 

>   supported as an opperating system running on aarch64. We expect a future

Author: ```suggestion
  supported as an operating system running on aarch64. We expect a future
```

  upgrade of Tensorflow to allow Apple Silicon users to run Rasa inside of Docker.

> * Rasa on Apple Silicon does not support the [`ConveRTFeaturizer` component](components.mdx#convertfeaturizer) or pipelines

Reviewer 2: Also spacy isn't supported until we upgrade to 3.4.1.
